[Python] Implement new Concept Exercise: none #1031 (#2283)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/none/.docs/hints.md

## General

> - Don't worry about how the arguments are derived, just focus on combining the arguments to return the intended result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, `None` is frequently used as a placeholder to represent the **absence of a value** for a variable, object, or argument.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.  Make New Seating Chart

Remember, you will need to create an empty dictionary first.  Next, fill the dictionary _keys_ with however many seats are available and set their _values_ to a **placeholder** to indicate that they are available but unassigned.
```

> ## 1. Arrange the Seats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Arrange Reservations
```

> - You need to create a dict object first. Then you can loop from 1 to the number of guests and assign them to None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there isn't a guest list, you will want to return a `new_seating_chart()` filled with placeholders.  A `default argument` for your function might be helpful here.   If you do have a guest list, you can start with a `new_seating_chart()`, then loop from 1 to the number of guests and assign them to seats in order.
```

> ## 2. Is the Seat Empty?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - You can check a variable is None by the if statements. `if var == None` or `if var is None` will tell you if the variable is None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can check that a variable or value is None through an `if statement`. `if var is None` will  return True if the value is `None`.
```

> ## 3. Find the Empty seat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Current seating capacity
```

> - You can use the is_seat_empty() function through a loop of all the key, values in the dict object. When the value is none, you need to return the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can loop through all of the values in the dict object by calling `dict.values()`. Seats are available when their value is `None`.
```

> ## 4. Current Empty Seating Capacity
> 
> - You need to find the number of empty seats ( that is pointing to `None`) in the dict object. Once you get the count, that is the answer
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## 5. Should we wait?
> 
> - You need to find the current number of empty seats and find if it is greater than or equal to the number of guests waiting.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. Accommodate Waiting Guests

- You need to find the current number of empty seats and check to see if it is greater than or equal to the number of guests waiting.  If the guests can be accommodated, you will need to call `find_all_available_seats()` to get a list of seat numbers you can assign guests to.  Remember that `range()` can take any sort of number as an argument....**including** the number returned from calling `len()` on a list.  Also remember that using `list[index_number]` will return the **value** that is located at the **index number** inside the brackets.

```

> ## 6. Empty a seat
> 
> - Given the seat number ( the key to the `dict` object ) and the seats dict object, you need to assign that particular seat (key) to value `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 6. Empty the Seats

- Given the seating chart `dict`, and a `list` of seat numbers, you'll want to indicate the seat is now available for another guest by replacing their name with a placeholder.   Looping through the seat number list and looking for those seats in the dictionary might be helpful here.
```
